it's time for more good day New York
also in the good-day cafe we are making
mussels and it's all for a good cause
that's right we're coming right back
with more good day New York don't go
anywhere we are in the good day cafe and
we're cooking for a cause this morning
with Marc Murphy chef and own our owner
of landmark as an Marc LANDMARC and
Ditch Plains restaurants located here in
New York City this morning we're not
making his famous hamburgers that I love
were making shirts and red onion muscles
Marc welcome to good day New York thank
you very much thank you before we get
into the recipe here you're having a
special event for the gay men's health
crisis on Monday yes we are we're we're
raising money for their food program
which is a great thing you know they
help out a lot of people trying to you
know get everybody fed healthy since I'm
a chef and a lot of us a lot of friends
of mine are actually doing it as well a
lot of people forget this though a lot
of people living here in New York City
with a lot of them living under the
poverty level if it wasn't for
absolutely delivering foods to these
people they would go hungry
that's wonderful it's at Gotham seven
o'clock on Monday I believe yes it's on
Monday night at Gotham Hall and it's
just a fantastic program and you know
Ted Allen who I work with a lot on the
show called chopped and he's asked all
of us at the at the show to come and
help out so all of the chefs who are
judges on the show I'm one of them and
we're gonna be we're all gonna be
cooking that night and I'm sure tickets
are still available so I have a feeling
there are some muscles red onion garlic
a little olive oil that's a very simple
dish which you might have had at the
restaurants and said sounds like you've
been there I usually get a hamburger
which are awesome by the way next time
I'll try it thank you very much you know
our hamburgers one of the reasons
Brothers Circus would make our own
buttons too we put a little bit
that's sort of having a good bonnet in
hamburgers very important absolute like
that muscles are one of those things
that you can really put any types of
flavor in there and that's what's great
about it we actually serve mussels five
different ways at the restaurant and
today I'm just showing you one of the
ways the cooks a little chorizo here so
this is our chorizo and red onion um